Update Snowflake Iceberg docs to reflect Fusion changes (#8121)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/mesh/iceberg/snowflake-iceberg-support.md

- **auto_refresh:** Specifies whether Snowflake should automatically poll the external Iceberg catalog for metadata updates. If `REFRESH_INTERVAL_SECONDS` isn’t set on the catalog integration, the default refresh interval is 30 seconds. 
- **target_file_size:** Specifies a target Parquet file size. Default is `AUTO`.

<VersionBlock firstVersion="2.0">

> The following properties can be set in model configurations under the `adapter_properties` field, or as top-level fields themselves. If present in both places, the value set under `adapter_properties` will take precedence. See [Base location](#base-location) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the following properties in model configurations under the `adapter_properties` field, or as top-level fields themselves. If present in both places, the value set under `adapter_properties` takes precedence. Refer to [Base location](#base-location) for more information.
```

### Base location 

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.99">
Snowflake's `CREATE ICEBERG TABLE` DDL requires that a `base_location` be provided. dbt defines this parameter on the user's behalf to streamline usage and enforce basic isolation of table data within the `EXTERNAL VOLUME`. The default behavior in dbt is to provide a `base_location` string of the form: `_dbt/{SCHEMA_NAME}/{MODEL_NAME}`. 

We recommend using the default behavior, but if you need to customize the resulting `base_location`, dbt allows users to configure the base_location with the model configuration fields `base_location_root` and `base_location_subpath`.

- If no inputs are provided, dbt will output for base_location `{{ external_volume }}/_dbt/{{ schema }}/{{ model_name }}`
- If base_location_root = `foo`, dbt will output `{{ external_volume }}/foo/{{ schema }}/{{ model_name }}`
- If base_location_subpath = `bar`, dbt will output `{{ external_volume }}/_dbt/{{ schema }}/{{ model_name }}/bar`
- If base_location = `foo` and base_location_subpath = `bar`, dbt will output `{{ external_volume }}/foo/{{ schema }}/{{ model_name }}/bar`

> A theoretical (but not recommended) use case is re-using an `EXTERNAL VOLUME` while maintaining isolation across development and production environments. We recommend against this as storage permissions should configured on the external volume and underlying storage, not paths that any analytics engineer can modify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you can customize paths with `base_location_root` and `base_location_subpath`, we don't recommend you rely on these for environment isolation (such as separating development and production environments). These configuration values can be easily modified by anyone with repository access. For true environment isolation, use separate `EXTERNAL VOLUME`s with infrastructure-level access controls.
```

Author: I like this! The same paragraph is present in the BigQuery docs — I can make that change in this PR if you like

#### Example configurations

An example model with a customized `base_location`:

<File name='iceberg_model.sql'>

```sql

{{
    config(
        materialized='table',
        catalog_name='catalog_horizon',
        base_location_root='foo',
        base_location_subpath='bar',

    )
}}

select * from {{ ref('jaffle_shop_customers') }}
```

</File>

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="2.0">
Snowflake's `CREATE ICEBERG TABLE` DDL requires that a `base_location` be provided. dbt defines this parameter on the user's behalf to streamline usage and enforce basic isolation of table data within the `EXTERNAL VOLUME`. The default behavior in dbt is to provide a `base_location` string of the form: `_dbt/{SCHEMA_NAME}/{MODEL_NAME}`.

> We recommend using the default behavior, but if you need to customize the resulting `base_location`, dbt allows users to configure the base_location with the adapter properties `base_location_root` and `base_location_subpath`. `base_location_subpath` is only accepted in model configurations (see [Adapter Properties](#adapter-properties)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the default behavior, but if you need to customize the resulting `base_location`, dbt allows you to configure the base_location with the adapter properties `base_location_root` and `base_location_subpath`. `base_location_subpath` is only accepted in model configurations. Refer to [Adapter Properties](#adapter-properties) for more information.
```

#### Example configurations

An example model with a customized `base_location`:

<File name='iceberg_model.sql'>

```sql

{{
    config(
        materialized='table',
        catalog_name='catalog_horizon',
        adapter_properties={
          'base_location_root': 'foo',
          'base_location_subpath': 'bar',
        }

    )
}}

select * from {{ ref('jaffle_shop_customers') }}
```

</File>

:::info Legacy model configuration for base_location

For backwards compatibility, dbt <Constant name="fusion"/> also supports setting `base_location_root` and `base_location_subpath` as top-level model configuration fields. `adapter_properties` configs take precedence over legacy configs.

For example, in the following model config, `base_location_root`=`bar` overrides `base_location_root`=`foo`.

```sql
config(
    materialized='table',
    catalog_name='catalog_horizon',
    'base_location_root': 'foo',
    'base_location_subpath': 'bar',
    adapter_properties={
      'base_location_root': 'bar',
    },
)
```

> This configuration results in: base_location = '{{ external_volume }}/bar/{{ schema }}/{{ model_name }}/bar'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration results in: `base_location` = `{{ external_volume }}/bar/{{ schema }}/{{ model_name }}/bar`
```

A theoretical (but not recommended) use case is re-using an `EXTERNAL VOLUME` while maintaining isolation across development and production environments. We recommend against this as storage permissions should configured on the external volume and underlying storage, not paths that any analytics engineer can modify.

#### Example configurations

An example model with a customized `base_location`:

<File name='iceberg_model.sql'>

```sql

{{
    config(
        materialized='table',
        catalog_name='catalog_horizon',
        adapter_properties={
          'base_location_root': 'foo',
          'base_location_subpath': 'bar',
        }

    )
}}

select * from {{ ref('jaffle_shop_customers') }}
```

</File>

:::info Legacy model configuration for base_location

For backwards compatibility, dbt <Constant name="fusion"/> also supports setting `base_location_root` and `base_location_subpath` as top-level model configuration fields. `adapter_properties` configs take precedence over legacy configs.

For example, in the following model config, `base_location_root`=`bar` overrides `base_location_root`=`foo`.

```sql
config(
    materialized='table',
    catalog_name='catalog_horizon',

>     'base_location_root': 'foo'

Reviewer: @ajhlee-dbt Should this have a comma?
```suggestion
    'base_location_root': 'foo',
```

Author: Oops, yes!

    'base_location_subpath': 'bar',
    adapter_properties={
      'base_location_root': 'bar',
    },
)

> -- base_location = '{{ external_volume }}/bar/{{ schema }}/{{ model_name }}/bar

Reviewer: I think this needs a closing quote and can we move it outside of the config example? Added it in my next comment.
```suggestion
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration results in: base_location = '{{ external_volume }}/bar/{{ schema }}/{{ model_name }}/bar'
```
